the on the cup 2015 started for psv with a
match against FC Barcelona
beautiful poster and beautiful weather
many spectators in the stands and those
and eager to see the psv in the
opening phase filip rommens with the ball
to the outside to Matthew Fred
owner back to a th van der moot
chooses position but he is not
reaches corner for PSV
this man makes forward captain
a pijnenburg the stairs are from rommens de
header thereof dani van der moot and such
so the first big chance in this
competition for the geert team
brusselers then it's barca's turn
this is striker by s but his shot is one
simple prey for you not from us
rate very sloppy
So Barcelona can take over the boss again
good
peijnenburg you are completely wrong there
great opportunity for barcelona and a zero
is it then via caresse peres aiol and
that's a damper for psv sat
nice in the match crisis that too
good chance via dani van der moot true
here there goes a lot of wrong rate with the
wrong pass Pijnenburg and miss the
a 0 for fc barcelona
lift and competitor course carefully
spectator at the and barcelona past
And they see it for PSV in the second
half goes completely wrong this is then 3 far
it already had yellow
look here are two and so must psv
ten more
the first card was what seems questionable
crash this rightly
so a red card for catan 3 far and
what can psv than with 10 men
it certainly turns on
a corner kick of this ball deepens here
all the way over the back line
been
Peijnenburg again forward the
corner kick is taken quickly and briefly and
well taken rommens
well we are just about mean this was the
chance for psv
to fight back in that match
cabri he trainer of barcelona
in the final phase he sees his men
score again
PSV attacks barcelona and comes
at 2 0 and thus decides the match
goal made by tai chi and
Barcelona
it is wind this first match in the
battle for the rotten can with 2 0 of psv
Saturday new round for new opportunities
the team of geert brusselers
[Applause]